hello my name is mess nogales and I'm going to
explain what is the word parkinson
white is a syndrome of
congenital presentation in which it appears
an accessory path that drives impulses
from the atrium to the ventricles without
pass through the atrioventricular node
but first let's see what a
normal driving
the impulse begins in the sinus node
this is in the right atrium
from here it passes to the atrioventricular node
through the beam of hits reaches the
ventricles by the right branch and the
left branch
this would give us the next electro a
wave p an interval pq q rs and the
let's see what happens in
a world parkinson while
the normal driving route continues
being and working the problem is that
appears an accessory path that communicates
the atrium and the ventricles is that
we see is the most frequent form of all
the driving is orthodromic this wants
say that the impulse goes down the road
normal and up through the way
accessory entering again in the
circuit this would be the electro
characteristic appears in the p wave the
complex qr s wave t and most
important everything appears a wave that
we call delta wave this is what we
is indicating is that the ventricles are
they are in need of a little before
the normal input in addition to this we see
that the pr has been cut in this case the
júver and that will always be close already
that passes through the atrioventricular node
we must bear in mind that the world
parkinson white is not the same as a
precipitation the wolf parkinson wise it
produces when there is one more precipitation
an arrhythmia
we can find a second case in the
that driving is anti dromi here
This form is less common than
previous
and it is characterized because the body in the
electro is wide
let's treat these patients going to
depend if you just have pre-excitation or
if you have a presentation plus a
atrial fibrillation
in the case that it is a fibrillation
earphone pre excited treatment what
let's do it by cardio version
electric in case there is a bad
tolerance on the part of the patient or with
antiarrhythmics of group 1 c to which
belongs flecainida and the area itself
or with procaine gives me
we must remember never to put them in the brakes
of the node in case it is a
ugly pre excited as it would favor
driving through the road
accessory
in this case it could produce a
ventricular fibrillation by not retaining
none of the impulses
include drugs such as digoxin the
betablockers or the penny call
that all of them are held back from the
node some authors also include the
fear of drugs
in case all you have is
a pre citation the treatment goes to
depend on whether the patient is
asymptomatic or asymptomatic in case of
the patient is symptomatic the
technique of choice is the ablation of
accessory pathway
in case the patient is
asymptomatic the only thing we should
do is observe the patient
in case the patient is
sun and shut up